Patches and fixes (#43)
rslay/ZeroChat: README.md

<h1 align="center">
ZeroChat 
</h1>

<p align="center">

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/v86gyvgx0dnuhc75?svg=true&v=1)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/rslay/zerochat)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/84bdf069784f80804e43/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/rslay/ZeroChat/maintainability) 
[![Dependencies](https://api.dependabot.com/badges/status?host=github&repo=rslay/ZeroChat)](https://dependabot.com/) 
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/rslay/ZeroChat/badge.svg?targetFile=package.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/rslay/ZeroChat?targetFile=package.json) 
[![Releases](https://badgen.net/github/release/rslay/ZeroChat?v=1)](https://github.com/rslay/ZeroChat/releases)

</p>

<h3 align="center">

>   <a href="https://github.com/rslay/ZeroChat/issues">Report a bug</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <a href="https://github.com/rslay/ZeroChat/issues/new">Report a bug</a>
```

  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://github.com/rslay/ZeroChat/discussions">Discussions</a>
</h3>

A live web chat. No client-side javascript, cookies, accounts, or `<meta http-equiv="refresh">` tags.

Instead, your browser never finishes loading the whole page, and downloads messages as they are posted by others.

Authentification is done with a password/tripcode system using PBKDF2 hashes.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Run ZeroChat in just a [few commands with Docker](Self hosting with Docker)!

```

Take a look at the [releases](https://github.com/rslay/ZeroChat/releases) for executable binaries if you just want to run the chat server.

If you want to run the source NodeJS file and tweak it, you can go to [NodeJS.org](https://nodejs.org) to install NodeJS, and then follow along with the steps to self host below!

> ### Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Self hosting with Docker
```

Docker is an easy way of containerizing and delivering your applications quickly and easily, in an 
convenient way. It's really simple to get started with this, with docker handling all the installation
and other tasks.Configure the environmental variables by renaming the `.env.example` file to `.env` with the respective 
values. Then, run `docker-compose --env-file .env up` after getting the project and config ready.

**Docker mini guide:**

- Running the bot: `docker-compose --env-file .env up`
- Stopping the bot: `docker-compose down`
- Rebuilding the bot: `docker-compose build`

> ### Self hosting without docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running ZeroChat on Mac/Linux
```

This is a clean and neat way of hosting without using docker. You can follow this if docker doesn't work
well on your system, or it doesn't support it. Containers are resource intensive, and your PC might not
be able to do it, this is the perfect method to get started with the self-hosting.

> **Pre-requisites**

Reviewer: Would recommend to switch back

npm --version
```

> #### Main installation section

Reviewer: Switch back to explaining with codeblock, remove configuring `bin/www`, and possibly move the Heroku part to it's own section

Author: Alright, but it's not actually heroku, but it's for all the platforms which use external `.env` config.

> #### Main installation section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Installation & Usage
```

- Clone or fork the repository, whichever suits you better.
- Install the dependencies for the project using **`npm install`**
- Configure the environmental variables by renaming the `.env.example` file to `.env` with the respective 
  values for it. If you\'re using heroku or other platforms that have option for external environmental
  variables, use that instead of `.env`
- Configure the options and settings available in `bin/www`, according to your preferences.
- Run the server using `npm run start`

## Upcoming features

Check the [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/rslay/ZeroChat/issues).

## 🤝 Contributing

> Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome. After cloning & setting up project locally, you can just submit 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome. After cloning and setting up project locally, you can submit 
```

a PR to this repo and it will be deployed once it's accepted.

> ⚠️ It’s good to have descriptive commit messages, or PR titles so that other contributors can understand about your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ It’s good to have descriptive commit messages, or PR titles so that other contributors can better understand your 
```

commit or the PR Created. Read [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0-beta.3/) before 
making the commit message.

## How it works

> Here\'s the complete article that explains how it works! [Read this](https://justhack.in/stateful-http).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the [article that explains how it works](https://justhack.in/stateful-http)!
```
